Add input validation for flow inputs (#2709)
thunder-id/thunderid: docs/content/guides/guides/flows/flow-reference.mdx

| **Icon** | A small icon element. |
| **Timer** | A countdown timer, typically used on OTP screens. |

### Input Validation Rules

Input components can declare a `validation` array that the server enforces when the user submits the form. The server evaluates these rules after the required-input presence check and before the View advances to the next node.

The `validation` array attaches to two places in the flow definition:

> - `meta.components[].validation` - returned to the Login Gate and the Asgardeo JavaScript SDK so that clients can optionally pre-validate values before submission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `meta.components[].validation` - returned in the verbose flow execution response embedded inside meta so that clients can optionally pre-validate values before submission.
```
